Docs: Fix broken grafana plugins tutorial links (#52147)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/build-a-logs-data-source-plugin.md

This guide explains how to build a logs data source plugin.

> Data sources in Grafana supports both metrics and log data. The steps to build a logs data source plugin are largely the same as for a metrics data source. This guide assumes that you're already familiar with how to [Build a data source plugin](https://grafana.com/tutorials/build-a-data-source-plugin) for metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data sources in Grafana supports both metrics and log data. The steps to build a logs data source plugin are largely the same as for a metrics data source. This guide assumes that you're already familiar with how to [Build a data source plugin]({{< ref "build-a-data-source-plugin.md" >}}) for metrics.
```
